feat: add autogenerated init jobs olive (#79)
eduNEXT/drydock: README.rst

- `DRYDOCK_ENABLE_SENTRY` : Whether to enable sentry. Defaults to `true`.
- `DRYDOCK_SENTRY_DSN` : The sentry DSN. Defaults to `""`.
- `DRYDOCK_POD_LIFECYCLE` : Whether to enable pod lifecycle. Defaults to `true`.

> - `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM`: allow define the version of the OpenedX platform that we are migrating from. From major `13`(maple) to `15`(olive). When this variable is set, the `Upgrade Jobs` will be applied over the Sync Wave 50 based on the Tutor Versions between the older and the current version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM`: it allows defining the version of the OpenedX platform we are migrating from. It accepts the integer value mapping the origin release, for instance, `13`(maple) or `14`(nutmeg). When this variable is set, a group of `release-specific upgrade jobs` are added to the Kubernetes manifests. These jobs are applied to the cluster in a suitable order (thanks to the GitOps implementation with ArgoCD + sync waves) to guarantee the correct behavior of the platform in the new version. The release-specific upgrade jobs are supported from release `13`(maple) 
```

> - `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM`: allow define the version of the OpenedX platform that we are migrating from. From major `13`(maple) to `15`(olive). When this variable is set, the `Upgrade Jobs` will be applied over the Sync Wave 50 based on the Tutor Versions between the older and the current version.

Reviewer: Should we add a note for the `DRYDOCK_INIT_JOBS` to deactivate it when using the Tutor CLI to initialize an environment?

.. note::

>     You also need to have DRYDOCK_INIT_JOBS set to `true` to apply migrations in case of platform migration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You also need to set `DRYDOCK_INIT_JOBS` to `true` to enable the release-specific upgrade jobs in the case of a platform migration.
```

> - `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM`: it allows defining the version of the OpenedX platform we are migrating from. It accepts the integer value mapping the origin release, for instance, `13`(maple) or `14`(nutmeg). When this variable is set, a group of `release-specific upgrade jobs` are added to the Kubernetes manifests. These jobs are applied to the cluster in a suitable order (thanks to the GitOps implementation with ArgoCD + sync waves) to guarantee the correct behavior of the platform in the new version. The release-specific upgrade jobs are supported from release `13`(maple) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM`: it allows defining the version of the OpenedX platform we are migrating from. It accepts the integer value mapping the origin release, for instance, `13`(maple) or `14`(nutmeg). When this variable is set, a group of `release-specific upgrade jobs` are added to the Kubernetes manifests. These jobs are applied to the cluster in a suitable order (thanks to the GitOps implementation with ArgoCD + sync waves) to guarantee the correct behavior of the platform in the new version. This brings the `tutor k8s upgrade <https://github.com/overhangio/tutor/blob/v15.3.7/tutor/commands/k8s.py#L484>`_ command to the GitOps pattern. The release-specific upgrade jobs are supported from release `13`(maple). Defaults to `0` (which disables release-specific upgrade jobs)
```
Sorry I had updated the comment, just a small adjustment here.

- `DRYDOCK_SENTRY_DSN` : The sentry DSN. Defaults to `""`.
- `DRYDOCK_POD_LIFECYCLE` : Whether to enable pod lifecycle. Defaults to `true`.

> About Drydock v15.8.0

Reviewer 2: More than Drydock `v15.8.0` it should be something like "Job generation"

---------------------

This version of Drydock have some important features and improvements, is **highly** recommended to update to this version.

> 

Reviewer 2: We could replace this paragraph with a preface (tutor doesn't generate manifest files for jobs and in turn we can't use GitOps patterns, etc).

- A new `Tutor filter <https://docs.tutor.edly.io/reference/api/hooks/filters.html>`_ **SYNC_WAVES_ORDER** was added to allow define `ArgoCD Sync Waves <https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/user-guide/sync-waves/>`_ order and apply to the kubernetes resources through **get_sync_waves_for_resource** function.
    We are defined by defult the following order:
    - `All kubernetes resources` (except the ones that are defined in the next waves)
    - `Initialization Jobs`
    - `Upgrade Jobs`: When **DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM** is set, over the Sync Wave 50
    - `CMS and LMS Deployments`: When **DRYDOCK_POD_LIFECYCLE** is active, over the Sync Wave 100
    - `Debug Resources`: When **DRYDOCK_DEBUG** active, over the Sync Wave 100
    - `Horizontal Pod Autoscalers`: When active, over the Sync Wave 150

> - **DRYDOCK_MIGRATE_FROM** was added to allow define the version of the OpenedX platform that we are migrating from. From major `13`(maple) to `15`(olive).

Reviewer 2: I think we should keep the description of all settings in the `Configuration` section.
